docs/en/_get-started.md, before:

---
layout: home
---

# Getting Started

> [Animoxtend Introduction](https://enormous-voice-30d.notion.site/1-175ec1cf5e3e8026978ef12aa961a190)

## 1. Download Plugin

Go to the shared link and download the latest version of the plugin:

**Google Drive**

> Folder shared via Google Drive: AnimoXtend
>
> <https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/11VACzZdK5wMdIoBNyJ1bpgmHaP5xvAaM?usp=sharing>

**Baidu NetDisk**

> Files shared via Baidu NetDisk: AnimoXtend
>
> Link: <https://pan.baidu.com/s/1Arr-3824cQu8gB1m1n9OCQ?pwd=mphv>
>
> Extraction Code: mphv

Others

> Coming soon to Blender Market, stay tuned!

## 2. Apply for API Key

Currently, we are providing free API Keys for users interested in trying out our product. Please fill out the following form to submit your application, and we will notify you of the result via email.

[Apply for Trial](./_register.md)

## 3. Installation and User Manual

Please refer to [User Manual - Installation](https://carnelian-iberis-b26.notion.site/2-Installation-Guide-17d18220da0f8179958debea8002b3c1)

## 4. Feedback

Welcome to join our community! Your feedback and suggestions are very important to us!

[WeChat/QQ/Discord Community Links](https://carnelian-iberis-b26.notion.site/AnimoXtend-User-Manual-V1-0-0-17d18220da0f8071ac94e3c3664bc490)

Commit message:

fix: update download links to point to Blender Market for plugin access

docs/en/_get-started.md, after:

---
layout: home
---

# Getting Started

> [Animoxtend Introduction](https://enormous-voice-30d.notion.site/1-175ec1cf5e3e8026978ef12aa961a190)

## 1. Download Plugin

Go to the Blender Market page of Animoxtend to download our product:

[Animoxtend | Blender Market](https://blendermarket.com/products/animoxtend-ai-animotion-generation-toolbox)

## 2. Apply for API Key

Currently, we are providing free API Keys for users interested in trying out our product. Please fill out the following form to submit your application, and we will notify you of the result via email.

[Apply for Trial](./_register.md)

## 3. Installation and User Manual

Please refer to [User Manual - Installation](https://carnelian-iberis-b26.notion.site/2-Installation-Guide-17d18220da0f8179958debea8002b3c1)

## 4. Feedback

Welcome to join our community! Your feedback and suggestions are very important to us!

[WeChat/QQ/Discord Community Links](https://carnelian-iberis-b26.notion.site/AnimoXtend-User-Manual-V1-0-0-17d18220da0f8071ac94e3c3664bc490)
